INTENT FindAlternative
alternative O
to O
facebook B-WebService

INTENT DeleteAccount
how O
do O
i O
delete O
my O
facebook B-WebService
account O
? O

INTENT FindAlternative
are O
there O
any O
good O
pandora B-WebService
alternatives O
with O
general O
availability O
outside O
the O
us O
? O

INTENT ExportData
is O
it O
possible O
to O
export O
my O
data O
from O
trello B-WebService
to O
back O
it O
up O
? O

INTENT FindAlternative
is O
there O
an O
online O
alternative O
to O
igoogle B-WebService

INTENT DeleteAccount
how O
can O
i O
remove O
myself O
from O
a O
trello B-WebService
organization O
? O

INTENT ExportData
how O
do O
i O
transfer O
my O
photos O
from O
flickr B-WebService
to O
picasa B-WebService
? O

INTENT SyncAccounts
how O
do O
i O
sync O
google B-WebService
calendar I-WebService
with O
my O
outlook B-WebService
calendar I-WebService
? O

INTENT ExportData
archive O
/ O
export O
all O
the O
blog O
entries O
from O
a O
rss O
feed O
in O
google B-WebService
reader I-WebService

INTENT DeleteAccount
how O
can O
i O
delete O
my O
160by2 B-WebService
account O
? O

INTENT DeleteAccount
how O
can O
i O
permanently O
delete O
my O
yahoo B-WebService
mail I-WebService
account O
? O

INTENT DeleteAccount
deleting O
an O
account O
( O
website O
) O
from O
google B-WebService
analytics I-WebService
? O

INTENT DeleteAccount
how O
to O
delete O
my O
imgur B-WebService
account O
? O

INTENT DeleteAccount
how O
to O
change O
my O
uber B-WebService
password O
or O
delete O
the O
account O
? O

INTENT DeleteAccount
how O
to O
delete O
a O
sify B-WebService
mail I-WebService
account O

INTENT DeleteAccount
how O
to O
permanently O
delete O
a O
37signals B-WebService
id O

INTENT DeleteAccount
how O
can O
i O
delete O
my O
hunch B-WebService
account O
? O

INTENT FindAlternative
any O
alternatives O
to O
google B-WebService
apps I-WebService
for O
your O
domain O
? O

INTENT FindAlternative
evernote B-WebService
alternative O

INTENT FindAlternative
alternatives O
to O
librarything B-WebService

INTENT FindAlternative
what O
are O
the O
alternatives O
to O
facebook B-WebService
/ O
meetup O
for O
event O
planning O

INTENT FindAlternative
is O
there O
a O
free O
and O
privacy O
- O
aware O
alternative O
to O
google B-WebService
? O

INTENT FindAlternative
what O
alternatives O
to O
google B-WebService
product O
search O
exist O
? O

INTENT FindAlternative
photo O
sharing O
site O
( O
alternative O
to O
flickr B-WebService
) O
supporting O
openid B-WebService
sign O
in O
? O

INTENT FindAlternative
any O
good O
alternative O
to O
google B-WebService
alerts I-WebService
? O

INTENT None
good O
wireframing O
apps O
? O

INTENT FindAlternative
is O
there O
a O
html O
alternative O
to O
prezi B-WebService
? O

INTENT FindAlternative
any O
alternatives O
to O
google B-WebService
streetview I-WebService
? O

INTENT FindAlternative
zencoder B-WebService
alternatives O
? O

INTENT FindAlternative
alternatives O
to O
discontinued O
google B-WebService
calendar I-WebService
appointment O
slots O

INTENT FindAlternative
q O
& O
a O
platform O
similar O
to O
stack B-WebService
exchange I-WebService
model O
? O

INTENT SyncAccounts
can O
i O
share O
/ O
sync O
my O
picasa B-WebService
web O
albums O
automatically O
to O
my O
facebook B-WebService
account O
? O

INTENT SyncAccounts
sync O
not O
export O
facebook B-WebService
events O
with O
google B-WebService
apps I-WebService
calendar O

INTENT SyncAccounts
how O
do O
i O
sync O
facebook B-WebService
twitter B-WebService
& O
foursquare B-WebService
? O

INTENT SyncAccounts
google B-WebService
calendar I-WebService
not O
syncing O
calendars O
that O
have O
been O
added O
by O
url O
with O
windows O
10 O
calendar O

INTENT SyncAccounts
google B-WebService
contact O
synchronization O
on O
the O
iphone O
3g O

INTENT ChangePassword
gmail B-WebService
user O
set O
up O
through O
google B-WebService
apps O
can O
' O
t O
change O
their O
password O

INTENT ChangePassword
how O
do O
i O
change O
my O
password O
on O
ebay B-WebService
? O

INTENT ChangePassword
gmail B-WebService
recover O
password O
while O
logged O
in O
iphone O

INTENT ChangePassword
how O
to O
retrieve O
forgotten O
wordpress B-WebService
admin O
password O

INTENT ChangePassword
how O
to O
retrieve O
a O
stolen O
yahoo B-WebService
account O
' O
s O
password O
? O

INTENT ChangePassword
users O
can O
' O
t O
reset O
their O
passwords O
anymore O
on O
google B-WebService
apps O
? O

INTENT FilterSpam
does O
moving O
a O
mail O
to O
the O
imap O
spam O
folder O
trains O
gmail B-WebService
' O
s O
spam O
filter O
? O

INTENT FilterSpam
how O
can O
i O
auto O
- O
delete O
some O
spam O
from O
gmail B-WebService
? O

INTENT FilterSpam
when O
i O
move O
spam O
to O
my O
inbox O
it O
goes O
back O
into O
the O
spam O
again O

INTENT FilterSpam
how O
to O
send O
messages O
to O
spam O
in O
gmail B-WebService
filter O
? O

INTENT FilterSpam
how O
do O
i O
disable O
the O
spam O
filter O
in O
gmail B-WebService
? O

INTENT FilterSpam
how O
to O
check O
your O
gmail B-WebService
spam O
label O
for O
good O
emails O

INTENT FilterSpam
mark O
large O
numbers O
of O
messages O
as O
" O
not O
spam O
" O

INTENT FilterSpam
what O
are O
alternatives O
to O
postini B-WebService
for O
spam O
filtering O
? O

INTENT FilterSpam
how O
to O
remove O
spam O
filter O
for O
google B-WebService
apps O
email O

INTENT FilterSpam
does O
marking O
an O
email O
as O
spam O
in O
gmail B-WebService
affect O
the O
filter O
for O
everyone O
? O

INTENT FilterSpam
how O
can O
i O
prevent O
/ O
lessen O
event O
spam O
on O
facebook B-WebService
? O

INTENT FilterSpam
do O
emails O
auto O
- O
forwarded O
from O
one O
gmail B-WebService
account O
to O
another O
stop O
if O
marked O
as O
spam O
? O

INTENT FilterSpam
gmail B-WebService
' O
s O
filter O
for O
spam O
folder O
and O
/ O
or O
keywords O
in O
multiple O
fields O

INTENT FilterSpam
get O
rid O
of O
russian O
junk O
from O
my O
gmail B-WebService

INTENT None
embedding O
stop O
time O
in O
a O
youtube B-WebService
video O
link O

INTENT None
is O
there O
a O
catch O
to O
paypal B-WebService
' O
s O
premier O
account O
type O
? O

INTENT None
how O
can O
i O
get O
okcupid B-WebService
search O
to O
show O
only O
matches O
within O
5 O
miles O
of O
me O
? O