INTENT DownloadVideo
how O
do O
i O
download O
a O
youtube B-WebService
video O
? O

INTENT ChangePassword
how O
do O
i O
change O
my O
password O
on O
tv B-WebService
tropes I-WebService
? O

INTENT ChangePassword
why O
can O
' O
t O
i O
change O
my O
password O
and O
login O
with O
skype B-WebService
? O

INTENT None
change O
subject O
line O
in O
new O
gmail B-WebService
compose O
window O

INTENT None
email O
google B-WebService
form O
daily O
? O

INTENT ExportData
how O
can O
i O
export O
track O
. O
scrobble O
data O
from O
last B-WebService
. I-WebService
fm I-WebService
? O

INTENT ExportData
how O
can O
i O
backup O
my O
wordpress B-WebService
. I-WebService
com I-WebService
hosted O
blog O
? O

INTENT SyncAccounts
how O
can O
i O
sync O
my O
yahoo B-WebService
! I-WebService
calendar I-WebService
with O
google B-WebService
calendar I-WebService
? O

INTENT SyncAccounts
google B-WebService
bookmarks O
and O
chrome B-Browser
bookmark O
sync O
-- O
different O
? O

INTENT SyncAccounts
how O
do O
i O
sync O
my O
runkeeper B-WebService
workout O
schedule O
with O
google B-WebService
calender I-WebService
? O

INTENT FilterSpam
does O
using O
gmail B-WebService
' O
s O
" O
never O
send O
it O
to O
spam O
" O
filter O
mean O
i O
can O
' O
t O
train O
their O
spam O
filter O
? O

INTENT FilterSpam
correctly O
identifying O
spam O
messages O

INTENT FilterSpam
twitter B-WebService
and O
echofon B-WebService
spam O

INTENT FilterSpam
totally O
blocking O
spam O
to O
gmail B-WebService
account O

INTENT FilterSpam
discarding O
spam O
mail O
faster O
in O
gmail B-WebService

INTENT FilterSpam
stopping O
spam O
emails O
in O
gmail B-WebService
by O
pattern O

INTENT FindAlternative
alternatives O
for O
google B-WebService
reader I-WebService
( O
with O
android B-OperatingSystem
synchronizing O
) O

INTENT FindAlternative
bugmenot B-WebService
( O
registration O
bypasser O
) O
alternative O
that O
doesn O
' O
t O
suck O
? O

INTENT FindAlternative
alternatives O
to O
twitter B-WebService

INTENT FindAlternative
google B-WebService
search O
engine O
alternatives O

INTENT FindAlternative
alternatives O
to O
google B-WebService
groups I-WebService
with O
more O
features O
? O

INTENT FindAlternative
are O
there O
any O
good O
veoh B-WebService
or O
youtube B-WebService
alternatives O
? O

INTENT FindAlternative
mint B-WebService
alternatives O
for O
canada O

INTENT DeleteAccount
how O
can O
i O
delete O
my O
twitter B-WebService
account O
? O

INTENT DeleteAccount
how O
do O
i O
delete O
my O
linkedin B-WebService
account O
? O

INTENT DeleteAccount
how O
do O
i O
delete O
my O
gmail B-WebService
account O
? O

INTENT DeleteAccount
how O
do O
i O
delete O
my O
experts B-WebService
exchange I-WebService
account O
? O

INTENT DeleteAccount
how O
do O
i O
delete O
my O
ohloh B-WebService
profile O
? O

INTENT DeleteAccount
how O
can O
i O
permanently O
delete O
my O
myspace B-WebService
account O
? O

INTENT DeleteAccount
how O
to O
disable O
/ O
delete O
a O
harvest B-WebService
account O
? O